all right guys so I'm in nutty River and
look what we have we got a guy doing a
suit hack and this guy doing the
Flying Tiger which I don't know even
what it is but um see ya what better way
to celebrate the last month 200 pound
buy packs packing it's ridiculous I mean
what's going on I went to nutty river
which is ideal well it was ideal and I
know let's just help word right to it
and now there's a little party going on
at the bottom here so and then this guy
is promoting his wife's closing and we
say get the certificate no idea what
he's saying don't really care
yeah so there we go so this is my you
guys celebrate the last minute in town
cuz by ocular glitchy all right so I'm
gonna go back to pretty sure there's
gonna be quite a few let's see what
happens all right so what a fireworks
show going on just the time
it's might as well watch some fireworks
for fun I guess
as well cherish the latter my watching
fireworks I never usually watch these
but
all right so that was all right so here
we go as usual there are a bunch of
tunes um let's see if I need these
fireworks I'll make up for it that's a
perfect point right there the Bell make
up for it it's so true alright CP wins
thank you for ending toontown eww no
okay see what these people are going
we're saying buzz fight okay I don't
care
buddy yeah so there's a couple people ah
I thought there would be a little more
just you know oh look at this look what
happened
I got a disconnection from these servers
not sure why that happened but I was
gonna I was gonna end the video anyway
so this is gonna be probably a
two-minute video maybe even three
minutes I don't know um most so yeah
that's it for this video I will be
making a toontown series starting the
first of September I believe wives to
see what happens I don't really know um
so yeah we'll see you guys in the next
video